all right ladies and gentlemen impromptu
here on
a 200 vest celebration stream i was
urged by my viewing audience
to leave the stream and take a break to
run out and get another product for a
second dsp tries it of the show to
basically adjourn the show
i did there's something new at wendy's
that's supposed to be a
special drink called the frosty chino
now for those who don't know
wendy's has an ice cream uh dessert
called a frosty
it's basically a soft serve ice cream
that's really thick and you can either
get in chocolate or vanilla they've had
this forever i used to get the chocolate
frosting when i was a kid
when i used to go to my uh godfather's
house there was a wendy's along the way
and on the way home my parents and i
would get a frosty that we would share
on the way home
okay i like the wendy's frosty a lot
i do i think the wendy's frosty is quite
good it's a nice thick ice cream it's
very delicious
the frosty chino by the name itself
should imply
that it's a cappuccino or some kind of a
coffee drink
combined with the wendy's frosty so i
went over and i got it
because people wanted me to get it live
on the stream
ladies and gentlemen this is the wendy's
frosty chino
it's the large size it's either small or
large so i got a large
um do you see something that may
possibly
be misleading about this
uh exactly alexander rossi it looks like
an iced coffee
because it is an iced coffee
they they offer it in either chocolate
or vanilla
i said okay i love chocolate this looks
to me
exactly like an iced coffee nothing
special at all
okay um
let me go ahead and try it
so at the bottom it does taste like
there's like a coffee or chocolate syrup
at the bottom
because it's kind of concentrated let me
take a sip from the top
you guys see from the top
it has way less of a chocolate flavor if
you sit from about this half
it just tastes like pure coffee
if you sit from the bottom
that tastes just like like like sugar
syrup
like they squirted a chocolate sugar
syrup into the bottom of the drain
but this is nothing but an iced coffee
with some sugar syrup at the bottom
there is no frosty whatsoever in this
drink at
all i don't know why they call it the
frosty chino it sounds to me like it's
incredibly misleading
because you would think there's frosty
in it and there is no frosty in this
whatsoever
now here's the thing if you're going to
wendy's
and you want a coffee this ain't bad it
tastes pretty good
like i said the coffee is not bad it's
sweet if you like sweet flavoring
with chocolate flavor with to it i would
recommend it
um i'm sure that it's going to be
uh high in calories and high in caffeine
because it's got coffee and you know
it's probably like i i would guess this
is probably
a saw this size large i'd almost
guarantee this is 500 calories
just this with the sugar 500 calories
and you're only supposed to have 2000
calories in a day
i would guarantee you this is 500
calories because of the amount of sugar
that's in the bottom
someone just asked how much was it i
believe it was three bucks
because i think the the total was like
six something and i got one for me and
one for my wife
so i think that is three dollars for the
large
um i really don't have anything to say
like how do you read it it's an iced
coffee it tastes like every other iced
coffee out there
because it's got chocolate sweetener in
it and coffee it's nothing special at
all
should you go to wendy's to buy the
frosty chino no
if you're going to wendy's and there's
already you're you want a coffee drink
and you're going to get other stuff at
wendy's then get it
but i wouldn't just go to wendy's
to get this frosty chino at all um
there's nothing special about it i feel
it's false advertising this they should
just call this
the iced coffee not the frosty chino
you know
what does cat think same thing she said
that before me because this is the first
time i sipped it
she said she's like sized coffee she
said that she looked online
and i guess an advertisement for it they
actually show it as being thicker
and she said that she had read a review
of it and in the review
it said that it's actually a thicker
drink because they're supposed to put
frosty in it
and if there's frosty at the bottom it's
thick and you have to like kind of mix
it up
and it distributes the frosty more
equally but there's no frosty in my
drink
so either they made it completely wrong
at my local wendy's
or it's complete false advertising
i don't know
i just happen to be thirsty so i drank
half the damn thing already
and it tastes like an iced coffee okay
um no i did not
order the wrong item no i did not i said
i want two large frosty chinos that's
what i said
um so
dsp tries it for the frosty chino
two out of five there's absolutely
nothing special about it i would not
recommend going to wendy's for it
if you're looking for coffee at wendy's
and you're already at wendy's yes
outside of that
it's the most standard iced coffee you
could possibly get it's basically a
recipe for disappointment if you're
expecting something special
this is very disappointing
that was a disappointing dsp trizet i
was expecting to show up and be
like here's something special here's
something different here's something
cool
and instead we got disappointment in a
cup
oh well they can't all be winners all
right guys